Hello.
Hello.
OK, beautiful.
You send it.
By the way,
I wanted to inform you that Calvin may be
coming.
He's currently at the job fair talking to
his last company right now.
Good luck.
Yeah.
Oh gosh, so the line.
Right.
Yeah, 'cause we were, uh,
waiting for our last company and I left
I see, yeah.
early just to be able to make it here for
this.
Oh, Ouch. You know,
we could have moved it.
It's not.
It's not that much big of a deal.
He's gonna give me the QR code for them.
I'll connect with one of them there.
Was it very crowded this time around?
Not as bad as it had been in the past.
There, there, you know,
there's always those few companies that
everybody kind of flocks to,
but it was relatively good this time
around.
I think it's picking up. Did Delta come?
Um, I did not see Delta.
I could check right now actually.
Come on, good time. Uh.
Um.
No, I don't see Delta listed here.
OK.
They may be, um,
they may be coming on one of the later
days though.
Oh yeah,
because they're also interested in
engineering students.
Yeah,
cause I I I think today was their
mechanical engineering,
computer science day.
But I know in the past some companies
just come on whatever day they can.
So it might be during the architecture
math days.
Mhm.
Yeah,
you guys know about two other networking
events happening in March 2nd and 3rd.
Um.
I will e-mail all the Capstone students.
OK.
Are those like one of the like kind of
like the round table,
like meeting days or are they job fair
days?
No,
the one is actually virtual and it's not
hiring per se,
but I will have probably 4 industry
Yeah.
people talking about ID jobs.
You didn't even, I mean.
Mhm.
You know,
unusual IT jobs and it's virtual and it's
evening.
So you know why not jump on the call and
then at Office of Sustainability invite
companies to come and talk about jobs.
Like if you're if you're mindful of
sustainability,
there are a lot of companies you probably
should consider that you didn't know
about.
So you know like companies whom you I
guess they they just come to students and
this is face to face.
Here and the in the student centre on
this.
OK.
Yeah, I'll be looking out for those, uh,
notifications then.
Oh, as a matter of fact, you have them.
So Nora Li, our communications manager,
she sent a single feature e-mail to all
the students yesterday about Bosip.
Alrighty.
See if I can find that real quick.
Hey, Kendra. Thanks for joining.
Sure.
So I'm afraid all the students of this.
Hiya.
Hello.
I'm afraid all the students in here is
I don't know.
affair.
I suspect that as well.
Yeah, so I'm not sure. You know,
we should have moved it.
If you guys want, we can still do it,
but then it has to be like 7:00 PM.
Um.
I I'm more than available to be able to
at least in my team's portion here.
OK, so yeah, let's do it.
And for the second team.
I can just, you know, once we're done,
I can just message them.
And tell them guys you missed it.
If you want to have it, you find the slot.
That works for me.
Yeah. So Jenna, you can go ahead,
actually, or we can.
I mean,
we can give Calvin a few more minutes to
join.
OK,
I think he just got up to one of his last
company,
so it might be 10 or it might be 10 or 15
OK.
minutes, I don't know,
but I should be able to talk about the
majority of the Power Automate stuff on
his behalf.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes,
let's talk about it because he and I
chatted over the weekend I think and and
we really wanted to talk about the ways
Mm-hmm.
of the recordings and transcripts are
being picked up.
OK.
Yeah,
because I know one of the things that
he's been basically informing me on was
that due to like Ms. teams,
one of the recent changes,
the transcripts aren't found inside the
meeting recap recap objects anymore,
but instead they're like basically or
they're being they're being found inside
the meeting recap object instead of being
automatically downloaded to that like
folder.
Folder in the OneDrive.
So I know he found that he could use
OK.
Power Automate to retrieve that from the
object,
but then he was running into the IT or
UITS issues with not having permissions.
Yes. And I wasn't sure, you know,
and this is something I wanted to talk
about today. So they said.
So basically we cannot.
So his request was specifically to
retrieve the transcript, right?
Mhm.
And he was saying that it was, oh God,
the transcripts are no longer placed.
Trying to pull my uh.
Recordings folder.
Sure enough.
There are no, uh,
there are no transcripts.
OK, so what did they say?
I guess let me show him.
So,
so he he attached the tickets response
inside the team if you want to look at it.
But basically they had said that they're
Yes.
unable or that they are unable to grant
him access as it's only granted to select
UITS employees upon approval.
And that and then they just recommended
that he try to use the OR basically test
it in a student use environment on Azure.
Um.
Yeah, but
But we wouldn't have access to those
transcripts for building purposes at
least.
But what does he? What does it? Yeah,
I remember this message.
Let me pull it up. Was it on teams?
Uh, yes,
I believe it's the most recent post.
Yeah, Friday at 4:50 PM.
Yeah, I remember that I I went over it,
but I really wanted to discuss it here.
Yes.
And I did this too.
Yeah, so how about we do this?
You guys assume, like I said,
that it is my responsibility to provide
you with a directory with all the
transcripts and we will need to agree on
the format on the file format.
OK.
So that you can get you can get the all
the information that you need from this
file name and then I will talk.
So I will talk to your ITS and instead of
me asking to give this permissions to all
the capstone students,
I probably should be able.
To request it for myself only and then I
will develop this flow which will extract
the transcripts the moment the new
recording was completed and dump it into
this directory and probably even adjust
the file name and you know you will not
Mhm.
have.
So first of all it's easier for me to ask
permission for myself.
And second,
you know we don't have this limitation.
So with the sake of the project you can
manually create the transcripts,
dump them into this directory that was
pre-configured and it will it will
trigger all your work.
OK,
so basically you would just handle your
power automate flow side for the
transcripts and would you just want to
have like one large directory with all of
the transcripts in it or would you want
to have them listed under each of like
those meeting directories like we had
talked about?
So for example I will have,
we will have one directory and we will
Prior.
configure it within your system and ask
this directory.
OK.
Let us agree on the naming convention,
for example semester, year, semester,
project names.
Thompson.
OK.
OK,
so your part will be the moment this file
lands in the directory. Start your magic.
OK, so if if I understand this right,
you have your basically on the admin side,
So.
you would go in,
you would select that one directory and
that would just be for that you know like
that year or basically the capstone
projects and then it would have a
configured file path for the year
semester and then that project name and
you would want.
Or you would be expect or we'd be
expecting the transcripts to be under
like that project name.
Yeah, you know, again,
you decide on the name and convention and
OK.
location and the directory structure.
If it makes sense for you to have
OK.
subdirectories, we can talk about it.
You tell me and then it's my problem.
OK, um.
I will have to talk to your ATS about my.
Part only and 2nd you are not blocked.
You should be able, you know,
to test it manually by just grabbing
meeting recap, downloading the transcript,
Mhm.
renaming it,
copying it into this repository and worse
comes worse. You know,
if they give me a finger,
I will ask we have.
The team,
so you know we will be copying it
manually at the beginning.
OK.
OK, I I know just from a development side,
it might be cleaner if you ever did want
to trace the trace all of the documents
back to their original sources.
It'd be easier to have those
subdirectories,
but it it's whatever is easier for I
guess you guys to utilize.
If you just want it in one big director
with naming conventions, we can also come.
Bob.
You know, again,
I will need to look at the Power Automate.
If it can can create subdirectories,
I think there is no problem for it to do
Mhm.
it. But you know,
it may be funny when it comes. I mean,
Power Automate has very weird limitations.
I mean from the,
I mean if I just want to create like a
OK, um.
Python code or C C++ code that does it,
you know it's.
I really don't care which directories to
create. So you guys go by what you want.
OK.
OK, then we can configure it for now,
at least as subdirectories.
And if you do have any crazy limitations,
we can always reconfigure it back just to
use one big directory and make it work
for whatever, OK.
Just document it, you know,
document what you expect because this is
a real like admin manual that you expect
them there and that's it.
You know you continue with your
development and testing,
test it manually and we will start
fighting with your ITS.
OK.
And then that should basically fix all of
that I I believe.
And then Calvin was looking also at the
pipeline space or for Power Automate to
be able to like e-mail and things like
that.
And you guys said previously that you
guys might be accommodating for like the.
I forget exactly what it's called,
but the upgraded versions of like Power
Automate.
Uh, what's its name? Uh,
Premium something? Power apps, Premium,
Yeah.
whatever.
Yes,
because we're looking at some of the
e-mail functions and those are locked
behind the that and as well as like the
LLM usage,
they're blocked behind the premium thing,
Yes, because you can send emails.
but.
I I don't know exactly what he was
looking at,
but I know yesterday during our meeting
he was showing me that it was at least
one of the flows that was requiring the
premium item.
You know,
definitely not for the definitely,
I don't know, but I can.
I probably use the same subscription.
I don't have premium and I can send
emails. It's a very basic function maybe.
OK, um.
We can, yeah, if if it comes up again,
I can have him message you about it
directly and or I guess on the teams and
he he can.
Yes, it is. Yeah. Maybe it's. Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah,
cause at least for this Calvin's mainly
Yeah.
our power automate section.
So most of that will or most of the
domain knowledge on that mostly lies with
him.
Yep, it may be texts,
but again my at least in T-mobile you can
send the e-mail and it will be internally
converted by the provider into a text
message. So I don't need a dedicated.
OK.
I need to be able to configure more than
one e-mail, obviously,
Mhm.
and this should be enough.
OK.
And then I believe that's everything that
we needed to discuss. Um.
And then in terms of just like project
development,
we've already started developing some of
the front end pages and we already have
them routing to one another. Um.
That's and and that's pretty much
everything that we have aside from some
of the Power Automate flows that have
been in development.
Fair enough. OK,
so I'm glad we talked and sorry about the
job fair. And you know, in the future,
if you guys need us to move the meeting,
it's totally fine.
OK, um, yeah, I know there was no issue.
I I wasn't gonna be able to stay much
longer just 'cause I have um labs after
this, but.
But alrighty and thank you for addressing
some of that.
That should make everything much clearer
for us.
Of course, your job will find you.
You'll see.
Mhm.
OK. Thank you.
And can you anything from your side?
So everything looks good.
I've been tracking everything is insane
Yes.
so far. So I believe again,
that's like I always say,
when we get into the nitty gritty and the
details,
it should be much clearer than I can
always chip in when they have something.
Everything is seen through the Hansberry
class so far.
Can you hear me? OK, OK.
OK. Yes, yes, we can hear you.
Did you hear everything I said?
Uh, I might not have heard that last part.
Oh, Lord, OK, I said.
I've been tracking with everything you've
I'm sorry.
been doing so far, right?
Everything seems quite straightforward
from my own understanding.
So I would just want to like keep keep in
Yeah.
touch and just see how they put out the
whole thing progresses if I have any
suggestions with regards to the.
The improvements or performance
improvements, whatever it is it may be,
I'll definitely chip in.
But for now everything seems clear.
I understand what's going on.
I'm just waiting for it to see everything
come to life.
OK,
and I believe you you are added to our
Speak.
GitHub repository, correct?
Yes, I believe, yeah,
I got I got an invite from the from one
e-mail and I don't know which one exactly,
but it was from the GitHub repository.
OK.
OK. And is there,
is there any kind of like I know you've
mentioned multiple times now that you
that you want to be like up to date on
the current development outside of like
these meetings like this,
Yeah.
is there any kind of I guess pipeline
that you would want to us to kind of have
to like keep you informed on the project
status?
Say it all the time.
I know you've mentioned multiple times
that you wanted to like kind of be
involved within the project and how its
development goes. Is there any,
is there any kind of pipeline outside of
these meetings that you would want us to
Yeah.
try to use in order to keep you like up
to date on how some of the project status?
Well, your workflow so far is,
like I said,
it's quite straightforward to me.
The point you've drafted out so far is
clear.
So when I'm like when I can see things
for what it is and see what is working
and what is not, then I can now tell you,
Hmm.
I think we should do this like this or we
should try this and then see how it goes
from there. But other than that,
we can follow through what you have going
on and just like Alison, I'm here to just.
Support you guys technically.
So anything you guys have,
if I see that there's there's some that
there's need for an improvement but there
with the pipeline or there's need to be
overhauled in the 1st place,
I would definitely develop for now so far
so good.
OK.
Yeah.
And I think within the next couple of
weeks,
we're hoping to be able to tie some of
the front end functionality to the Power
Automate flow and hopefully we'll be able
to start seeing how some of that ties
OK.
together and be able to show that off.
OK, that makes sense.
That would be beautiful to see.
And then what with the GitHub repo, right?
If you committed anything there, right,
just try and keep the complete messages
as as as clean as you possibly can so
that if I read them from time to time,
I will understand what's going on.
OK,
I believe currently most of ours have
Yes.
just been most of the projects set up,
like getting the React environment set up
and most of the stuff like that.
But in the in the in the future as we
commit, we'll try to.
Keep most of them, uh,
I guess detailed like up to a certain
kind of styling standard.
Yeah. All right. Sounds good.
Sounds good.
Alrighty. Um.
I guess, uh,
is there anything else that you guys have,
um,
that you can think of that needs to be
discussed?
No, all good. Yeah.
So Taylor and I will be cancelling the
weekly meetings for the spring break.
However,
if you guys feel that you want to talk.
Uh, you are welcome to uh.
No.
To reach out and we will have a meeting
or you can talk with me often.
OK. Yeah.
If anything comes up that's pressing,
we can definitely try to schedule a
meeting.
If we just have any small questions,
then we'll just try to message you
through through the teams and see if we
can.
Like fix any small issues that might
arise.
Mhm.
Alrighty,
and I think that's everything that we
have at least.
OK. Talk to you later. Thank you.
Alrighty.
Huh.
Bye.
All right, you too.